[Lambda Cloud] Update docs and add `[lambda]` install option (#1659)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/getting-started/installation.rst

> :code:`"[aws,azure,gcp]"` (e.g., :code:`"[aws,gcp]"`) to reduce the

Reviewer: With the release planned, maybe lets add lambda here and after L16.
```suggestion
:code:`"[aws,azure,gcp, lambda]"` (e.g., :code:`"[aws,gcp]"`) to reduce the
```

Reviewer 2: nit: no extra space

Author: Sounds good!

Author: Updated!

dependencies installed.

SkyPilot also supports a fourth cloud provider, `Lambda <https://lambdalabs.com/>`_, if you install SkyPilot from source.

> 

Reviewer: We plan to cut a release soon - so perhaps we can remove these changes?

Author: Agreed

Author: Updated!

Hint: run ``az account subscription list`` to get a list of subscription IDs under your account.

**Lambda Cloud**

Lambda Labs GPU Cloud is a cloud provider offering low-cost GPUs. You can learn more about them `here <https://lambdalabs.com/>`__.

> To configure Lambda Cloud access, go to `API Keys <https://cloud.lambdalabs.com/api-keys>`_ to generate a key and then add it to :code:`~/.lambda_cloud/lambda_keys` by running:

Reviewer: Nit - make the location of the API Keys page clear for folks who can't see/access hyperlink
```suggestion
To configure Lambda Cloud access, go to `API Keys <https://cloud.lambdalabs.com/api-keys>`_ page on your Lambda Cloud console to generate a key and then add it to :code:`~/.lambda_cloud/lambda_keys` by running:
```

Author: Good idea.

Author: Updated!

Hint: run ``az account subscription list`` to get a list of subscription IDs under your account.

> **Lambda**

Reviewer: Lambda or Lambda Cloud?
```suggestion
**Lambda Cloud**
```

Author: I put Lambda because we refer it to it as 'Lambda' on the first page ('Lambda Cloud' felt too wordy). But a longer name might do better here.

Author: Actually, since it seems @concretevitamin prefers Lambda Cloud over Lambda, I'll change everything to Lambda Cloud.

Author: Updated!

> Create the file :code:`~/.lambda_cloud/lambda_keys`, go to `API Keys <https://cloud.lambdalabs.com/api-keys>`_ to generate a key, and then add the line

Reviewer 2: If this is to become the first mention of Lambda, maybe have one sentence "Lambda Cloud <with link> is a cloud provider offering low-cost GPUs." since not everyone may know it.

Author: Good point! I will add.

Author: I added a short description with a link to the Lambda Labs website

> Create the file :code:`~/.lambda_cloud/lambda_keys`, go to `API Keys <https://cloud.lambdalabs.com/api-keys>`_ to generate a key, and then add the line
> 
> .. code-block:: text
> 
>   api_key = your_api_key_here
> 
> to :code:`~/.lambda_cloud/lambda_keys`.

Reviewer: How about this? Good to give direct instructions to users. (Please test if this actually works first :) )
 
```suggestion
Go to `API Keys <https://cloud.lambdalabs.com/api-keys>`_ to generate a key, and then add it to `~/.lambda_cloud/lambda_keys` by running:

.. code-block:: console
  $ # Create directories if required
  $ mkdir -p ~/.lambda_cloud
  $ # Add api_key = <your_api_key_here> line to lambda_keys file
  $ echo "api_key = <your_api_key_here>" > ~/.lambda_cloud/lambda_keys
```

Author: Nice! And I will test.

Author: Updated (and tested!)

.. note::

>   Currently, SkyPilot does not support multi-node clusters or stopping instances on Lambda Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Multi-node clusters and stopping instances is currently not supported on Lambda Cloud.
```

Reviewer 2: nit: is -> are?

Author: Updated (with is -> are).
